.TH AXMAIL.CONF5 "28 September 2015" Linux "Linux System Managers Manual"
.SH NAME
axMail \- A powerful but simple SMTP plugin for URONode.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B axmail.conf
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
.B axmail.conf
This file configures the operations of axMail\-FAX. You have to insure that
you add the proper group using addgroup. The common one to use is "ax25".
.SH COMMANDS
The following opions are supported for
.B axmail.conf:
.TP 14
.BI "IdleTimeout"
This should not be longer than the same command in uronode.conf.
.TP 14
.BI "HostName"
This is the fully qualified hostname of your mail system. Typically this
would be an amprnet domnain such as n1uro.ampr.org.
.TP 14
.BI "AllowMail"
This command controls who has access to use mail on your system. The
default is all.
.TP 14
.BI "Identification"
This shows how users can authenticate into the application. The default is
none as the password used over RF may also be used for popping/imap if
the local sysop chooses to do this.
Disconnect user from their mailbox."
.TP 14
.BI "AutoCreate"
This allows creation of the user accounts. Since you can also configure
dovecot or a pop3 daemon and pop-before-smtp to allow mail on smartphones
as well, this should be set to yes which is default.
.TP 14
.BI "LoginAllowed"
This grants or denies permissions for other functions such as ssh on the
box. This also controls access to imap/pop. Default is yes.
.TP 14
.BI "AutoGroup"
I suggest using ax25. You'll have to set this using addgroup ax25.
.TP 14
.BI "First_uid"
This is the first user id numeric to be used when axmail creates accounts.
I suggest 2000 as this keeps mail clients 1000 UID away from actual local
clients so it'll somewhat separate them this way.
.TP 14
.BI "Last_uid"
This sets just how many users may create and use mailboxes using axmail.
.TP 14
.BI "HomeDir"
This sets the base of the users home directory. I suggest using the
standard home directory for all users.
.TP 14
.BI "Shell"
This is the shell the users are granted. I suggest if you wish not to allow
ssh or telnet access into your server to use /bin/false.
.TP 14
.BI "FaxGate"
This is the efax gateway to send your faxes through to. The SFax command
will preformat your mail to use this gateway. Remove the quotes.
.SH FILES
.LP
.TP 5
.B /usr/local/etc/ax25/welcome.txt
Greeting file for new users to welcome them to the mail system.
.br
.TP 5
.B /etc/postfix/main.cf
postfix configuration file.
.br
.SH AUTHORS
Brian Rogers (N1URO) <n1uro@n1uro.com>
.br
.SH OTHERS
Marius Petrescu (YO2LOJ) <mpetrescu@online.ro>
.br
Bob Tenty (VE3TOK) <ve3tok@gmail.com>
.br
Heikki Hannikainen (OH7LZB) <hessu@hes.iki.fi>
