.TH AXMAIL8 "28 September 2015" Linux "Linux System Managers Manual"
.SH NAME
axMail \- A powerful but simple SMTP plugin for URONode.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B axmail %u
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
.B axMail\-FAX
is a simple but powerful SMTP mail plugin for URONode. This package allows
an end user to read and send SMTP based mail via RF, with many options
available.
.SH COMMANDS
The following commands are supported for users of
.B axMail\-FAX:
.TP 14
.BI ?
Give short list of available commands.
.TP 14
.BI "Autofwd \- 
allows the end user for forward their mail to this location to any valid SMTP mailbox."
.TP 14
.BI "Bye \- 
Disconnect user from their mailbox."
.TP 14
.BI "Cancel \- 
Exit mailbox, discard any kills."
.TP 14
.BI "Delete (number) -\ 
Delete message number #. Multiple numbers can be space delimited."
.TP 14
.BI "Exit \- 
Quit the mailbox, save changes."
.TP 14
.BI "Help (command) -\ 
Display help for specific command."
.TP 14
.BI "Info \- 
Online information about this application."
.TP 14
.BI "Kill \- 
see Delete. Msg numbers can be space delimited for multi kills."
.TP 14
.BI "List \- 
List your mailbox messages for reading."
.TP 14
.BI "Name \- 
Enter or change your name in your outgoing mail. This does not change your email address."
.TP 14
.BI "Quit \- 
Quit the application, kill messages flagged for deletion."
.TP 14
.BI "Read (number) \- 
Read message number #. You may reply to it after reading it by using the Send Reply (SReply) command."
.TP 14
.BI "Send \- 
Send a message. axMail will prompt you through everything step by step and also will ask you for two layers of receipt generations.
.TP 14
.BI "STatus \- 
Quick listing of your mailbox status."
.TP 14
.BI "Unkill \- 
Undelete or unkill a message flagged for deletion."
.TP 14
.BI "Verbose \- 
Read your mail with full message headers for debugging."
.SH FILES
.LP
.TP 5
.B /usr/local/etc/ax25/axmail.conf
axMail configuration file.
.br
.TP 5
.B /etc/postfix/main.cf
postfix configuration file.
.br
.SH AUTHORS
Brian Rogers (N1URO) <n1uro@n1uro.com>
.br
.SH OTHERS
Marius Petrescu (YO2LOJ) <mpetrescu@online.ro>
.br
Bob Tenty (VE3TOK) <ve3tok@gmail.com>
.br
Heikki Hannikainen (OH7LZB) <hessu@hes.iki.fi>
